(***)
okay so Your movie.
yeah
ahh really
Oh, Ronnie!
yeah
They don't have any eyes, so Voxel is like...
(***) as (***)
Slide (***)
(***) Based on truth.
they did it on the grass but it's good
you
haahaa
But then it's so funny, when I start crying, he doesn't cry anymore.
I cry everything
haahaa
yeah  horror movies. i don't know
suspense  yes no
There's one movie that he asked me to watch.
It's a really monster type of thing.
And the monster comes and at the end...
The main character with little son. and
people who survived, they were just waiting.
to be eaten by this monster.
So there's the sound. chu chu
She's coming to eat them, right?
So they decided, okay, there is only five bullets.
And I'll be the sixth one.
eaten by the monster. So he decides to shoot every one of them.
including his son and then
that movie ends at the end of the movie.
The sky clears out and the sound was actually the military.
Trying to help them
haahaa
That was like the worst movie ever.
I missed. Don't watch it.
But then he told me that at the end haahaa
The end was actually changed, right?
yeah
What was the ending for the Stephen King thing?
Happy ending. means
oh
(***)
You know what? I was watching it and it was so scary the whole time because you never know what's going to happen.
It's a very simple story, but uhhhhh haahaa
I was like, give me back the past $2. I ain't paying you.
That was like the worst movie ever.
Working Dead is zombie, right?
(***) dead zombie
That's beyond any time.
They skipped. like the They skipped the whole...
like fighting places and stuff like that.
oh really?
wow
ohhh
But it's everything is out of the book.
much (***)
Yay!